#Unit 1 Vocabulary Preview
alphabet
numbers
name
address
telephone number
phone number
#Unit 1 关键词汇 个人信息
name
first name
last name
address
e-mail address
telephone number
phone number
apartment number
fax number
#Unit 2 Vocabulary Preview
pen
pencil
book
desk
computer
bank
supermarket
post office
restaurant
library
living room
dining room
kitchen
bedroom
bathroom
#Unit 2 In the Classroom
pen
book
pencil
notebook
bookshelf
globe
map
board
wall
clock
bulletin board
computer
table
chair
ruler
desk
dictionary
#Unit 2 At Home
living room
dining room
kitchen
bedroom
bathroom
attic
yard
garage
basement
#Unit 2 关键词汇 教室物品
board
book
bookshelf
bulletin board
chair
clock
computer
desk
dictionary
globe
map
notebook
pen
pencil
ruler
table
wall
#Unit 2 关键词汇 家中布局
attic
basement
bathroom
bedroom
dining room
garage
kitchen
living room
yard
#Unit 2 关键词汇 市内场所
bank
hospital
library
movie theater
park
post office
restaurant
supermarket
zoo
#Unit 3 Vocabulary Preview
eating
drinking
cooking
reading
studying
teaching
singing
sleeping
swimming
planting
watching TV
listening to music
playing cards
playing baseball
playing the piano
#Unit 3 关键词汇 日常活动
cooking dinner
drinking milk
drinking lemonade
eating breakfast
eating lunch
eating dinner
listening to music
listening to the radio
planting flowers
playing cards
playing baseball
playing the guitar
playing the piano
reading a book
reading the newspaper
singing
sleeping
studying English
swimming
teaching
watching TV
#Unit 4 Vocabulary Preview
brushing
cleaning
feeding
fixing
painting
reading
washing
#Unit 4 关键词汇 日常活动
brushing my teeth
cleaning his apartment
cleaning his garage
cleaning his living room
cleaning his room
cleaning his yard
doing her exercises
doing her homework
feeding our cat
feeding our dog
fixing your bicycle
fixing your car
fixing your sink
fixing your TV
painting their bathroom
painting their bedroom
painting their kitchen
painting their living room
washing my car
washing my clothes
washing my hair
washing my windows
#Unit 5 Vocabulary Preview
tall
short
young
old
heavy
fat
thin
new
old
married
single
handsome
ugly
beautiful
pretty
ugly
large
big
small
little
noisy
loud
quiet
expensive
cheap
easy
difficult
rich
poor
#Unit 5 关键词汇 描述人和物
tall
short
young
old
new
old
heavy
fat
thin
married
single
handsome
ugly
beautiful
pretty
ugly
large
small
big
little
noisy
loud
quiet
expensive
cheap
easy
difficult
rich
poor
#Unit 6 Vocabulary Preview
wife
husband
mother
father
daughter
son
sister
brother
grandmother
grandfather
granddaughter
grandson
aunt
uncle
niece
nephew
cousin
#Unit 6 关键词汇 家庭成员
mother
father
parents
son
daughter
children
brother
grandmother
grandfather
grandparents
grandson
granddaughter
grandchildren
sister
wife
husband
aunt
uncle
niece
nephew
cousin
#Unit 6 关键词汇 日常活动
acting
baking
crying
dancing
having dinner
laughing
riding
skateboarding
talking
vacuuming
#Unit 7 Vocabulary Preview
bakery
barber shop
book store
bus station
cafeteria
clinic
department store
drug store
hair salon
health club
hotel
laundromat
school
train station
video store
#Unit 7 关键词汇 市内场所
airport
bakery
bank
barber shop
book store
bus station
cafeteria
church
clinic
clothing store
department store
drug store
fire station
gas station
hair salon
health club
hospital
hotel
laundromat
library
movie theater
park
police station
post office
restaurant
school
shopping mall
supermarket
train station
video store
zoo
#Unit 7 关键词汇 住宅配套设施
air conditioner
apartment building
building
bus stop
closet
elevator
fire escape
floor
jacuzzi
mailbox
refrigerator
stove
superintendent
washing machine
#Unit 8 Vocabulary Preview
shirt
coat
dress
skirt
blouse
jacket
suit
tie
belt
sweater
pants
jeans
pajamas
shoes
socks
#Unit 8 Clothing
shirt
tie
jacket
belt
pants
sock
shoe
earring
necklace
blouse
bracelet
skirt
briefcase
stocking
hat
coat
glove
purse
pocketbook
dress
glasses
suit
watch
umbrella
sweater
mitten
jeans
boot
#Unit 8 关键词汇 衣物
belt
blouse
boots
bracelet
briefcase
coat
dress
earring
glasses
glove
hat
jacket
jeans
mittens
necklace
pajamas
pants
pocketbook
purse
raincoat
shirt
shoe
skirt
sock
sports jacket
stocking
suit
sunglasses
sweater
tie
umbrella
watch
#Unit 8 关键词汇 颜色
black
blue
brown
gold
gray
green
orange
pink
purple
red
silver
white
yellow
#Unit 9 Vocabulary Preview
call
cook
drive
eat
listen to music
paint
play
read
sell
shop
sing
speak
visit
watch TV
work
#Unit 9 关键词汇 日常活动
call
cook
drive
eat
listen
paint
play
read
sell
shop
sing
speak
visit
watch TV
work
#Unit 9 关键词汇 国籍
Brazilian
Canadian
Chinese
Egyptian
French
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Mexican
Polish
Puerto Rican
Russian
Spanish
#Unit 9 关键词汇 语言
Portuguese
English
French
Chinese
Arabic
French
German
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Korean
Spanish
Polish
Spanish
Russian
Spanish
#Unit 10 Vocabulary Preview
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
baby-sit
clean
do yoga
go dancing
jog
play volleyball
ride
see a movie
see a play
#Unit 10 关键词汇 一周内的七天
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
#Unit 10 关键词汇 国籍
American
Chinese
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Mexican
Puerto Rican
#Unit 10 关键词汇 语言
English
Chinese
Greek
Italian
Japanese
Spanish
Spanish
#Unit 10 关键词汇 描述人物
active
athletic
busy
outgoing
popular
shy
#Unit 10 关键词汇 日常活动
baby-sit
clean
do yoga
go dancing
jog
play volleyball
ride a bicycle
see a movie
see a play
#Unit 11 Vocabulary Preview
year
month
week
day
weekend
morning
afternoon
evening
night
#Unit 11 关键词汇 时间表达法
day
week
month
year
weekend
morning
afternoon
evening
night
#Unit 11 关键词汇 描述外貌
long hair
short hair
straight hair
curly hair
blond hair
brown hair
black hair
brown eyes
blue eyes
#Unit 12 Vocabulary Preview
happy
sad
hungry
thirsty
hot
cold
tired
sick
angry
nervous
scared
embarrassed
#Unit 12 关键词汇 感觉和情感
angry
cold
embarrassed
happy
hot
hungry
nervous
sad
scared
sick
thirsty
tired
#Unit 12 关键词汇 与感觉和情感相关的动作行为
bite my nails
blush
cover my eyes
cry
perspire
shiver
shout
smile
walk back and forth
yawn
#Unit 12 关键词汇 日常活动
clean
deliver
drive
ride a bicycle
sleep
study
sweep
take the bus
type
use
walk
wash
#Unit 13 Vocabulary Preview
actor
actress
baker
chef
construction worker
dancer
mechanic
salesperson
secretary
singer
superintendent
teacher
truck driver
#Unit 13 关键词汇 职业
actor
actress
baker
chef
construction
worker
dancer
mechanic
salesperson
secretary
singer
superintendent
teacher
truck driver
#Unit 13 关键词汇 技能
act
bake
build
cook
dance
drive
file
fix
operate
paint
repair
sing
speak Spanish
take inventory
talk
teach
type
use
#Unit 14 Vocabulary Preview
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
spring
summer
fall
autumn
winter
#Unit 14 关键词汇 一年中的十二个月
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
#Unit 14 关键词汇 一周内的七天
Sunday
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
#Unit 14 关键词汇 四季
spring
summer
fall
autumn
winter
#Unit 15 Vocabulary Preview
headache
stomachache
toothache
backache
earache
cold
fever
cough
sore throat
#Unit 15 关键词汇 疾病
backache
cold
cough
earache
fever
headache
sore throat
stomachache
toothache
#Unit 16 Vocabulary Preview
got up
took a shower
had breakfast
read the newspaper
did exercises
ate lunch
drove to the supermarket
bought groceries
made dinner
wrote a letter
saw a movie
went to sleep
#Unit 16 关键词汇 不规则动词
buy
bought
do
did
drive
drove
eat
ate
forget
forgot
get
got
go
went
have
had
make
made
meet
met
read
read
see
saw
steal
stole
take
took
write
wrote
#Unit 17 Vocabulary Preview
sad
happy
clean
dirty
heavy
thin
hungry
full
sick
healthy
tiny
enormous
dull
shiny
comfortable
uncomfortable
tired
energetic
#Unit 17 关键词汇 形容词
beautiful
clean
comfortable
dirty
dull
energetic
enormous
exciting
full
good
happy
healthy
heavy
hungry
late
poor
quiet
sad
shiny
sick
thin
thirsty
tiny
tired
ugly
uncomfortable
#Unit 17 关键词汇 与生活经历有关的动词
arrive
be born
begin
began
grow up
grew up
live
move
study
work
